Tap into the world's largest collection of brain teasers, riddles, logic problems, mind puzzles and optical illusions from Braingle.com. With over 15,000 brain teasers at your finger tips, and more being added daily, you'll never run out. Get ready to have your brain tangled! 

Braingle will download content from the website and cache it on your device for offline reading. You can mark any brain teaser and have it appear on your "Favorites" list for easy access. 

Enjoy brain teasers from the following categories: 

★ Cryptography 
Cryptography teasers are phrases, expressions, quotes or lists that have been encoded in some way. You need to figure out the encoding method and then decode the message to find the answer. 

★ Group 
These brain teasers rely on your ability to recognize groups of common attributes. You'll need to figure out why the words or letters are grouped as they are. Sometimes you will be asked to pick the odd-one-out or to place a new word into the correct group. 

★ Language 
Language brain teasers are those that involve the English language. You need to think about and manipulate words and letters. 

★ Letter-Equations 
Letter Equations are well known phrases or facts where the key words have been replaced with the first letter of that word. These are often in the form of an equation, which contain a number, an = sign and the rest of the obscured phrase or fact. 

★ Logic 
Logic puzzles require you to think. You will have to be logical in your reasoning. 

★ Math 
Math brain teasers require computations to solve. Have a calculator ready. 

★ Mystery 
Mystery teasers are little stories where you need to figure out what happened based on the given clues. 

★ Optical Illusions 
A deceptive or misleading picture that is caused by the disagreement of the eye and the mind. 

★ Probability 
Probability puzzles require you to weigh all the possibilities and pick the most likely outcome. 

★ Rebus 
Rebus brain teasers use words or letters in interesting orientations to represent common phrases. 

★ Riddle 
Riddles are little poems or phrases that pose a question that needs answering. Riddles frequently rhyme, but this is not a requirement. 

★ Science 
Science brain teasers require understanding of the physical or biological world and the laws that govern it. 

★ Series 
Series teasers are where you try to complete the sequence of a series of letters, numbers or objects. 

★ Situation 
Situation puzzles (sometimes called lateral thinking puzzles) are ones where you need to ask lots of yes or no questions to figure out what happened in the situation. These are good puzzles for groups where one person knows the puzzle and answers the questions. 

★ Trick 
Trick brain teasers appear difficult at first, but they have a trick that makes them really easy. 

★ Trivia 
Trivia brain teasers have some element of trivia in them, but they are not just pure trivia questions.